CubeLand test: a simple AI testbed.

By Kris Schnee. Code and images are public domain. "Laughing Man" image imitated from "Ghost In the Shell: Stand-Alone Complex." If you're the type who finds CubeLand interesting, you'd probably enjoy this anime series too.
"Aztec Box" image detailed from a photograph (by me) of a strange wooden object displayed in the UFO Museum in Roswell, NM, purportedly depicting an Aztec astronaut.

New features:
-3D interface (the cursor is the translucent cube)
-"Look down" command shows you what's on this tile
-First-person descriptions: "I am holding..."
-Rule: Objects are either cubes or pyramids.
-Rule: You can't put anything atop a pyramid.
-Rule: Objects have colors. These are given in the example as words like "grey," but RGB[A] tuples like (255,255,0), ie. yellow, are usable too.

Controls:
The controls are unusual by design, as they're meant to be used by an external program.

Internal control:
Mouse buttons: Add/remove crates on the grid.
Escape: Quit
Up/Down: Move camera

Outside control:
Create a text file with the name "to_world.txt" in the same directory as this program. While running, the program will read its contents, react, and respond by creating a file called "from_world.txt". This system is designed for easy control by an AI; no need for sockets or anything.

To try this system, try making a text file manually, elsewhere, then copying and pasting it into this directory to see what happens.

Valid commands for outside control:
quit
move # # (where each # is a number from 0-7, the lower-left being 0,0)
grab
drop
look
look here (simpler formatting in output)
look hand (what am I holding?)
look self (where am I?)
look down (what's here?)
configure {} (where {} is a Python "dictionary" object; best ignored unless you've looked at the code.)

test.txt determines what's on the board. See the example for how that file works. You can define new objects by giving them names and having a texture of the same name in the texture directory.

Known bugs, due to the new 3D graphics system:
-Text isn't displayed in this version, because OpenGL makes it far harder to write "Hello World" on the screen than to draw translucent textured 3D cubes.
-Clicking to create crates does work, but the crates' location doesn't correspond to what you'd expect.